Who the hell would dare to touch Xiaoyao?
Ah, Lu Yao, are you alright?
These two brothers came to the house to get money
Our sister had a little conflict with them
I'm working on it.
Lu Yao, don't listen to his nonsense
He sent someone to defile your sister
They also want to rob their furniture
I now suspect the man in his belly
It's not yours at all
You're talking nonsense, it's not his, is it yours?
My concubine
No matter how fierce, my baby and I will be afraid
Shut up and don't think I don't know your shit
Get a divorce
Why do I want a divorce?
I am pregnant with your child
You're not going to dump me!
Then bet on who borrowed the money
Okay, Lu Yao
You treat yourself like a green onion
Who will take you?
Do you have the ability to cut this?
Be free and don't be impulsive
Since you don't have the courage
Just pay back the money and sell the house
Why don't you compensate me for your two little hours?
I can give you another day.
Pay your uncle
How dare you?
I don't have a good one yet
What stinks?
Take my breath away
Today you want me to take care of your sister
You and my wife's life
We die together